[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-4 (#114267)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/containers-signature-verify-enable.adoc

[id="containers-signature-verify-enable_{context}"]
= Enabling signature verification for Red Hat Container Registries

[role="_abstract"]

> Enabling container signature validation for Red Hat Container Registries requires writing a signature verification policy file specifying the keys to verify images from these registries. For RHEL8 nodes, the registries are already defined in `/etc/containers/registries.d` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the integrity of the images in the Red Hat Container Registries, you can enable container signature validation for Red Hat Container Registries by writing a signature verification policy file specifying the keys to verify images from these registries. 

For RHEL8 nodes, the registries are already defined in `/etc/containers/registries.d` by default.
```
